# QA-Challenge

### Manual Test Part

#### Errors that were found during manual testing (presented as a keywords list)
- Default 'Industry' field' not displayed after saving a new user, which shifts edit/delete icons 
- `Project` field couldn't be added for the new customers
- `Disabled` filter - but no `disabled` field on adding/editing a new/existing customer
- There is an `active` field - but no `active` filtering

#### Sample Bug Ticket 

**Bug Name:** There is an `active` field - but no `active` sorting

**Bug ID:** automatically generated by the Bug tracking tool

**Area Path:** Main Menu -> Industry filter dropdown

**Severity:** Medium - High

**Priority:** Medium - High

**Assigned to:** Developer-X

**Reported By:** Kateryna Tkachenko [me]

**Reported On:** Date

**Reason:** Manual testing

**Description:**
To show `active` customers, a sorting has to be added to the main page, where all customers are displayed. 
Possibly a checkbox 'active customers' can be added next to 'Industry filter' dropdown

**Steps To Reproduce:**

I would rather say that it is a bug-feature that has to be added, to fulfil the acceptance criteria that were specified prior. So there are no steps to reproduce this bug, but to implement a missing feature.

**Expected Result:**

On clicking 'Active customers' checkbox, only customers that are 'active' has to be displayed.


**Screenshots - Prototype:**

Usually I would create a prototype with desired UI implementation, but since I am time limited, would skip it for this time.

### Usability and UX Part

- Cursor on hover of 'not editable' values., e.g. Show cusomers & Add customers
- Adding an 'Active customers' checkbox  right to 'Industry filed'
- Remove the 'Disabled' Industry filter, since there is no such field 
- Change 'Edit' to 'Save' button - to edit an existing user 
- Add an 'active' column entry to the table with all existing customers
- Add 'projects' field while creating a new customer

### Automated Test Part 

Please clone the repository from GitHub:

`git clone git@github.com:katerynatkachenko/qa-challenge.git`


#### Test Description 

1. Test Suite `TestStringMethods` which is located in `main.py` file consists of 1 case scenario + 	`setUp` and `tearDown` tests.

2. SetUp test consists of the set-up commands that will be used in all tests that will be located in a Suite.

3. TearDown test consists of warning filter and `driver.close()` method.

4. The test scenario is creating a test customer and adding it to a list of existing ones.

#### To Run the test: 

With host system [Linux Ubuntu Environment]

From the root project directory, first run `sudo chmod +x ./setup.sh` to grant executable permission 	to `setup.sh` file

Then execute `setup.sh` file by running the following command: `./setup.sh`

To run the tests, use the following command `python3 main.py`

 
